c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\obj\Debug\API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\TrainingDiary.dll.config
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\TrainingDiary.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\TrainingDiary.pdb
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\DAL.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\Entities.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\DAL.pdb
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\Entities.pdb
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\obj\Debug\TrainingDiary.dll
c:\users\vera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrainingDiary\TrainingDiary\obj\Debug\TrainingDiary.pdb
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\obj\Debug\API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\obj\Debug\TrainingDiary.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\TrainingDiary.dll.config
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\TrainingDiary.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\TrainingDiary.pdb
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\DAL.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\Entities.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\Unity.WebApi.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\DAL.pdb
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\Entities.pdb
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Investigations\42diary\TrainingDiary\obj\Debug\TrainingDiary.pdb
